Final Project
Main points
MongoDB /Sequelize?
Express
Node
React
Github - Sam
Trello - 
Other NPM packages - jwt, bcrypt, react-modal

Front-end
React
Must have login/sign up page
Logout button redirecting back to the login/sign up page
Dynamic information displayed about user once logged in
If logged in correctly also display a response from a free API
Component that displays all registered users on the app
Component that allows to update username, password, and email
Delete account button
Nicely styled (UX/UI design)

Back-end
REST API built using Node, Express and have a database layer with routes, middleware and controllers for all CRUD ops
Login - use password hashing and generate JWT tokens
Sign-up - use password hashing and generate JWT tokens
Update info - use password hashing and generate JWT tokens
List users - use password hashing and generate JWT tokens
Delete user - generate JWT tokens 

Project Overview Plan 
Deliver a presentation slide deck in your groups at 1:30 on Tuesday 9th May containing the following information. 
	•	What is your idea? - Cookie Club featuring users and recipes
	•	What is the MVP (Minimum Viable Product)?  A website users can register to, log in to, update their info, delete their info, favourite a recipe, see favourite recipes, vote on recipes, access recipe details such as cost of baking, ingredients, time to bake, and a picture.
	•	What external API will the group be using? Custom build Mongo DB api
	•	A brief design overview of the app (Can just be sketches doesn't need to be too detailed at this point) - flow charts?
	•	Each group should nominate a project manager to keep track of Trello 
	•	How will the group split up the workload?
	•	How will the group use Git and GitHub Effectively?
	•	Any other details or technical specs the group wants to add 
	•	What will be the stretch goals for the group? 




Stretch
Protect all API routes with JWT tokens
Hosted on Netlify and Render, or similar
Persistent login using JWT tokens
Get all users to be just available for admin
